now then YouTube I am the top man and
welcome to how to install moonquest now
you guys will know a moonquest from the
Yogscast videos namely you know the main
Yogscast channel which is lewis and
simon and of course lips and chin have
also got their own little part going as
well and they said that they've
obviously not got a public version of
this pack out and I know that there is a
couple of other versions are at least
one of the version out there that
somebody has done for the technic
launcher but it is like you've got to
use it for the beta version of
technically launch awesome from LA but
either which way guys there is a much
much easier way and that is to use the
80 launcher because that one it has been
updated for a long time to 1.6 and there
it's been using 1.6 for a while and I've
managed to create the moonquest pack for
you guys so are you going to do is
follow the video instruction on how to
install the 80 launcher which is on the
main page on the download page on air to
launcher calm i'll leave the link in the
description below once you've done that
and you've got it in there and you've
installed it and you've loaded
everything up and you've got to the main
screen which is of course this screen
you'll see once you've done that guys
this is where i'm going to take you
through how to actually install the the
moonquest pack now at the moment it's
currently still in development it's not
going to be in development for a long
time for a long time it's just literally
I'm right on the edge of release and I
just need Ryan to do a couple of changes
around and if you click on packs you
will notice that in this list of packs
there is one called moonquest now at the
moment it's named as solid shaft origins
which is what I needed Ryan to change
once this has changed i can then release
the pack so once it's done guys you will
see moon moonquest you'll also see it
i'm hoping to get a little bit of an
image going on there as well so once
that's done you can click on new
instance and then we'll rename this
moonquest
or leave it as that now what it will say
a version to install it will say 1.0 are
0.1 one of the two there'll only be one
version there for you to install
anywhere if you're watching this in the
future there might be another one but
the first version out there will be one
point they're ours thereupon one install
now you will notice that all of them are
required apart from optifine that is an
optional mod but I've chosen to to
install Optifine because it's much
easier when I'm regarding to be quite
honest the one thing that people will
notice as well with this there isn't a
fax texture pack for this yet and there
isn't the shaders mod purely for the
fact that not everybody has could the
computers to deal with the amount of
stuff that the shared is mod abs in I in
the future i will add in that in as an
optional mod but for the moment the pack
is just as is so let's install now
what's going to happen if you're
unfamiliar with how to actually install
a pack you'll notice it's going through
all the different things about
downloading stuff and then you see this
happen basically this happens whenever I
don't have permission to distribute a
mod you get second to the mod makers
adfly link or somewhere or the link that
they've given me are they've given the
public to actually distribute their mod
in this case we've got an ad file link
here the tux weapons I'm going to skip
this out there after it's obviously wait
five seconds and then it will eventually
download when it's finished connecting
cure mom you know you want to do it you
know you want to do it
try pressing again no yeah so it took
swept is it then we'll go through to the
mediafire all you got to do is download
the file keep thank you very much now
you've got to make sure that this file
that you downloaded make sure that it
goes to your downloads folder where the
launcher is placed not your personal
downloads folder I think it works
actually now I think Ryan changed it so
that it does pick up your downloads
folder as well but just to make sure
guys make sure it goes in the Downloads
folder which is in the same folder as
your heir to launch it which you put it
in in the first place now when you've
done that when you've downloaded that
click I've downloaded this file and it
will carry on and go through the rest of
the install for ease of use of fries of
the video I've gone ahead enough
downloaded some of the other mods there
isn't that many nothing that's about
four or five or six mods that you have
to manually download but most of them I
do have the permissions to to distribute
and it's as easy as that guys that is it
it's nicely installed now you can go to
instances and you'll see moonquest and
you can click play and it will go ahead
and do all its stuff in the background
you can see the console here now because
162 it was a little bit strange we've
got some some suvir's going on here with
these warnings but honestly nothing to
worry about this critical tampering with
minecraft that's just saying the jazz
been altered that's practically it and
it will do because Optifine Xin so when
it's finished loading up guys eventually
it'll check around it depends on your
computer on how long it takes to
actually to run this thing it really
does take take it depends on how much
you you what your computer's like but it
should take roughly around two to three
minutes really shouldn't be much more
than that unless you your computer is
like really really old in which case it
might take a little bit longer but all
in all it shouldn't take that much time
in all honest and you can see what's
going on in the background there the one
I don't know if this is a difference
with what's on the the pack or not but
I've got the rotten flesh to leather
hard kaur modern rather than the rotten
flesh to leather which is just smell
the the the rotten flesh up instead now
that you have to put the rotten flesh
with some sugar and something else to
purify the rotten flesh into just flesh
and then you smell that flesh into into
leather it's really only adds one thing
in there now you can see in the
background here galacticraft will guide
and download some sounds now this is
important you've got obviously got an
internet connection available because I
can't distribute those sounds right that
does things have to be installed with
along with galacticraft there so when
that's done you're done that's it all
nicely done 49 mobs loaded go into a
single player here when the mouse cursor
shows up and just go and create a new
world so that you guys can see takes a
couple of minutes well it didn't take a
couple of minutes it takes about half a
minute for these for the world to spawn
unload up but once it's done you should
be able to see the wondrous pneus of
biomes of plenty it's done now as you
can see it does take a little while to
create the world but once it does that
it's a generally a good sign if you see
something going off in the console and a
whole load of error is coming up when
you're trying to blow the world then
that could be a problem but for the
moment guys I'm actually unlike fancy
graphics as well so this is going to
really slow me down whilst am Ricardo
Ricardo Rin that's a word of course
smooth oops did I just yeah never mind
I'll start that all there on and there
we are guys we are now in a moonquest
world and that is how you install it
pretty simple guys pretty simple any
questions at all please don't have tutor
to either leave them in the comments
section all the forum post for this
moonquest mod pack which a link will be
also be in the description below and
there we are guys so that's it that is
how to install the moonquest pack
inspired by the Yogscast until next time
guys i've been a tough month thanks very
much for watching and as always stay
safe